<p id="1">You barely manage to slide under the entrance before it slams shut. It is pitch dark, but your torch burns still, if weakly. In the distance sits unmoving an immense, dark mass. Before you can make out what it is in the dim glow, two bright eyes pop open, and the chamber quakes, rattled by thunderous speech: "You who wish to enter, if you are not to be vanquished here, must answer my questions three. At every of your utterances, the structure will shift and agitate under you. Make haste, lest it give way, and do not get ahead of yourself. Well, to begin with, what do they call me?"
</p>
<input id="i1" type="text">
<p id="2">"Good enough. And my swift companion, the Daisy-Adorned? What does he go by?"</p>
<input id="i2" type="text">
<p id="3">"That is.. surprising. And the third of us, him of the Amber coat?"</p>
<input id="i3" type="text">
<p id="4">"It can't be! Is that..?"</p>
<input id="i4", type="text">

"Her Majesty Most-Bedazzled! Forgive my trespass; I did not recognize you. It is the darkness. And forgive me again, for since my memory is bound to recur each time an adventurer enters, I must question them anew."

\~~~~~~

HIIII you made it! I knew you would. I will now stop with the dungeon roleplay since it was a later idea and I don't want to rewrite literally everything (and also it would get annoying after a point lol).

## Welcome to the secret matrix nexus classified firewall etc. website !!! First, some FAQ:
### What the hell is all this?
I was really bored for quite a few days following when you sent me the website link. I was procrastinating on studying German and had *literally* nothing to do (this was before I had even booked my test) besides gym food sleep. So I thought I should document my trains of thought while I listen along to the playlist. I had to make up for the sheer magnitude of yap somehow, I hope this is something, because ever since my notes app hit the 10k character mark I have been sure you will hate me for the fucking dissertation-length reading assignment on top of my reply itself. Jesus Christ.

### Did I make this whole thing myself?
Of course not! I know very little webdev! I'm stupid (I'm working on it)! I made this using a website-book-making-engine called mdBook for library authors to document their libraries, or for general codebase documentation, or, primarily, for people to write tutorials/handbooks for whatever tool they want to share with the public. I've encountered it so many times trying to learn new (coding) languages, or use tools relevant to my projects. I thought the format was perfect for this use-case (nerd term see). BUT! I had to write an IMMENSE amount of javascript to make it do all the custom stuff here, the riddles. And a lot of python as well, because the backend is all python and a lot of the js is literally me translating python to js 1:1. Let us call it penance for taking so long. You can look at all of the code on github.com/werolist/werolist.github.io, and as you can see, I created a new github account (werolist) for this project alone, because if it were to be up on my personal account (github.com/amancapy), anyone who was led there through my resume would likely snoop, and you can't make github-Pages repositories private. AND, if you go ahead and make a github account yourself, I can add you to this project, because then you can add or change whatever you like as well!

### The password
This one is entirely my own, including the field where you enter it and how it re-computes in real time and all that! It was a lot of work but I had a great time! (I am writing this before I've even implemented it, as motivation) Not that I invented the algorithm of course, it's *extremely* basic and you could probably find it in like 500BC textbooks. Caesar probably thought it was too trivial. And it's fairly practical to break if someone's smart and driven enough. For example if you know some basic prior info like the language of the hidden text, you can use word-frequency statistics of that language to reverse-engineer the gibberish. Maybe.

<h2>Code and Explanation!!!</h2>

```js
/* I have omitted a lot of the code I thought would be irrelevant to you. All of it is of course there on the repository if you want a full look. I have omitted the ENTIRE real-time-website-updating logic here because I won't subject you to browser-facing js. AND. You made fun of me for asking permission to look at the site code. IT IS BECAUSE EVEN PRETTY LOOKING WELL-MADE APPS HAVE REALLY UGLY CODE AND IT DISILLUSIONS YOU A BIT. AND YOU MADE FUN OF ME FOR IT. I hope you're happy. And of course the carrd html is really ugly lol, but ALL of it is in a single html which is oh my god so incredible. Porting it was like 20 minutes of work lmao. I just had to download the 2 paintings and move them and it all works out of the box. Great choice of website-builder. */

/* Now! All characters as you know have a unique base-16 unicode id, which also means base-anything id. I immediately turn all of them to base 10 because it's convenient. While unicode exists all the way form id 0 up to id 1114111 (~17 * 2^16), not all of it has been assigned yet. Less than a sixth in fact is assigned. So it is a high probability that whenever a character is decoded with a wrong key, it will get mapped to a nonexist codepoint, which will just result in that ugly empty character that we get made fun of for on android. This function replaces them by deterministically mapping each of them to a valid unicode within our list. Doesn't matter that it will be a "wrong" (I spelled it werong while typing lmao) character after this mapping, because it's all gibberish anyway since your key is wrong to begin with and Raju grows ever impatient. */

function replace_if_invalid(x) {
    if (!valids_set.has(x)) {
        let valid_index = Math.abs(x % valids_len);
        return valids[valid_index];
    }
    return x;
}

/* This is where I combine the 4 keys to come up with the final, really long key. Basically, for as long as there's more than one key left, I pop out the last two, take their Cartesian product (lot simpler than it sounds, literally just forming every possible pair left-right. Cartesian([1, 2, 3], [4, 5]) is [(1, 4), (1, 5), (2, 4), (2, 5), (3, 4), (3, 5)]), and multiply the pairs and add 1 (adding 1 prevents trivially reverting them by getting their prime factors). So when we have as many as 4 keys, the numbers in the final key get really big and arbitrary-looking and the key gets really long. */

function combine_keys(keys) {
    while (keys.length > 1) {
        let last_key = keys.pop();
        let penu_key = keys.pop();

        let new_key = [];
        for (k1 of last_key) {
            for (k2 of penu_key) {
                new_key.push(k1 * k2 + 1);
            }
        }
        keys.push(new_key);
    }
    return keys[0];
}

/* So I have these plaintext files sitting in the backend, but before I push them to the website, I delete all the text in the htmls produced, and place only these gibberish-integer lists in them. So on the website, you can't just inspect element and look at all the text, you literally have to know the keys or break the cipher. */
```
<details closed>
<summary>A little more lore for resilient adeventurers</summary>
I spent a big chunk of the first two whole fucking days basically REINVENTING THE FUCKING CAESAR CIPHER AT A FAR WORSE COMPUTATIONAL EFFICIENCY. I felt like running through a fucking wall when I realized what it was doing. And I wrote a whooole ass writeup for it code and all like above feeling oh so proud of myself lmao. It's truly a miracle I can get out of the bed in the morning without faceplanting. Oh and the other day after waking up I had the instinct to reach for my phone but the first thing in view was my eye-mask and I permutated and clicked it every which way to find the fucking power button so I could look at the time?
</details>