# Ostatnia

ostatnia I absolutely love this one. I don't know why it didn't make an impression the first few times but it grew on me quite a lot and quite suddenly. I absolutely love her voice, she sings so well. I like especially the wszystko to co mam part. I love the storytelling, but I find the woman's story a bit more abstract. by hit the spot do you mean she liked to visit that spot often, or hit the spot as in get something exactly right? I love dawid's part too, he sounds great here I think because this is a feature and sanah's team was producing? just assuming. I think he should fire his own production if that's what it is lol. I want to rank this one tied to second with eldorado but latter wins out eeever so slightly I think (keep reading to find out more!!). | the man with the black mustache's lines are so nice! again, like frunę teraz, it's something I would like to be able to say myself. I'm running away with the hope that life will mend me. did you pick these songs out thinking I might relate lmao. or I'm just easily influenced yeah. and the woman's lines too make a bit more sense now because I just noticed there's commas. And pronunciation question, why does it sound like they are saying ostatsnia? is that a pattern in Polish that tn is said like tsn? Or am I just hearing too much into it? | I have been listening to this one a stupid number of times it's literally perfect | is going to the burgundy river a euphemism for alcoholism lol | also I think the song threw me off the first few times because the instruments at the start sound like american country music, and there's a flute that really throws me off at 0:31 lol | so if my burgundy reading is correct, then both the stories are connected? he's working as a waiter while he waits for a chance to run away from it all, and as he pours cognac she's getting drunk, sitting with her own doubts and worries? they'd make a great pair lol.
