# Postscript

- Again thank you for curating the playlist! It's incredible. This is the first I've seen of your graphic design besides art and you're clearly a pro. Not a single aspect I can think of that I can nitpick (not that I am trying lol), and I tried to figure out why 2:15 and 3:10 in the playlist card and I don't know anything significant about 15th Feb or March 10th so it's not dates? If it's a reference to one of the songs none of them are 3:10 long either but Peron is closest at 3:14 so I'll assume it's 2:15 of Peron lol. (do you realise how fucking unoccupied I am these days now?)

- I hope it wasn't insensitive when I said I didn't like x or y song. I'm very grateful for the culture share, and the translations which I will keep reading regardless.

- I added Polish to my gboard and now it thinks it's my primary language so whenever I open my clipboard I get jumpscared with **SCHOWEK [demon][demon][demon] GRAAAA** instead of something I understand.

- And I'll most definitely remember to apologize profusely for the ungodly quantity of words in like 10 other places too but I will include an apology within the website as well for posterity and for effect. because this started at like 2k characters and it just exploded because I keep listening to the songs and jesus christ I am so sorry there's so many fucking Words. I've kept questions low at least so you don't actually have to contend with this piece of shit 8 million page novel. Please do not even CONSIDER anything remotely similar with the telugu/north playlist because 1. you're not insane and unemployed and . yeah that's all actually please don't. I hope you don't hate me now, try to find it in your infinite kindness. jesus christ.

- But I of all people wrote like 100 lines of JAVASCRIPT for you so I hope it cancels out!

- I started work on this at like noon yesterday and it is now well past midnight. 

- I wrote the previous line like 5 days ago lmao. Bro had no idea what he was in for. But I had a TON of fun and learned so much working on it so don't feel bad at ALL. Not that it wasn't much effort. Let's see. Pick exactly halfway between "nooo oh my god you shouldn't have!" and "huh that sounds like it was easy lol, thanks I guess". Aren't I clever.

- And the wolf icon is called Indústria Criativa so I thought it was like a free-asset website that you used so I went looking to find other ones but it looks like some freelancing website? No clue. So I just repeated the wolf.

- Oh and there isn't a link that takes you back to Polish Indoctrination yet because hyperlinks too get bungled during encrypt-decrypt as I've told you. I'm working on it lol.

- There's a lot of polishing work left, and as you now know (god I hate how time just keeps passing. I like where I am right now all considered (I don't now lmaoooo, it's Later already), but any second now it will already be Later. don't let me stay up past 12 jesus) I have my IELTS (and it went well (I am writing this well before my exam to manifest that it goes well (and as I've told you, it went quite okay!))) and I will finish this up asap after and share it with you. Take care!!
